[CSE-687] Office Hours (#2851)
astronomer/docs: astro/office_hours.md

Reviewer: Can you rename the file to `office-hours.md`? That's the format for our other files

---
title: 'Book Office Hours'
navTitle: 'Astro Office Hours'
id: astro-office-hours
description: Attend Office Hours with our team of Data Engineers
---

> Office hours are a new way for Astro customers to meet with our team of talented Data Engineers.
> These sessions are typically 30 minutes in duration and are available weekly on a first-come-first-serve basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Office hours are a new way for Astro customers to meet with our team of talented Data Engineers.
These sessions are typically 30 minutes in duration and available weekly on a first-come-first-serve basis.
```

:::caution

> *Office hours are not a replacement for support!* Please [submit a support request](astro-support.md) if you have any urgent issue, bug, or something that needs fixing. We will not be able to assist you with these topics during office hours sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Office hours are not a replacement for support!** 

Please [submit a support request](astro-support.md) if you have any urgent issue, bug, or something that needs fixing. We will not be able to assist you with these topics during office hours sessions.
```

:::

> Please ensure to first browse the content of our documentation, the [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/), our [Airflow Guides](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/), or discussion on the [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io) to see if there is already available guides or resources for what you would like to discuss. You can email [success@astronomer.io](mailto:success@astronomer.io) if you have general account related questions. If you need more extensive assistance, guidance, or regular long-term engagement - please talk to our [Professional Services](https://www.astronomer.io/professional-services/) team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before your office hours appointment, please browse the documentation, [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/), [Airflow Guides](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/), or discussion on the [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io) to see if there are existing guides or resources for what you would like to discuss. 

You can also email [success@astronomer.io](mailto:success@astronomer.io) if you have general account related questions. However, if you need more extensive assistance, guidance, or regular long-term engagement - please talk to our [Professional Services](https://www.astronomer.io/professional-services/) team.
```

> ## Topics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example Topics
```

Examples of possible Office Hour topics:
- Ask questions about Airflow features
- Discuss new Astro features or provide feedback
- Get insight on integrating Airflow with new systems 
- Do an Architecture Review or discuss scaling Airflow and Astro Deployments 
- Conduct a Code Review for a DAG

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Booking Office Hours

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Book Office Hours
```

> You will be able to book office hours in the top right `(?)` menu on [cloud.astronomer.io](https://cloud.astronomer.io) or in the bottom left of our [docs](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro).

Reviewer 2: Screen reader language fix - which is super tricky! In docs, we use the tool tips/hover text instead of the icon symbol when describing where to click and beginning/end/before/after as directions instead of left/right/up/down. 
```suggestion
Book office hours by clicking the **Help** menu in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) or **Book office hours** at the end of the [docs navigation menu](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro).
```

---

> title: 'Book Office Hours'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Book Astro office hours'
```

> navTitle: 'Astro Office Hours'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navTitle: 'Office hours'
```

id: astro-office-hours

> description: Attend Office Hours with our team of Data Engineers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Attend office hours with Astronomer data engineers to ask non-support questions about Airflow.
```

---

> Office hours are a new way for Astro customers to meet with our team of talented Data Engineers.
> These sessions are typically 30 minutes in duration and available weekly on a first-come-first-serve basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Office hours are a way for you to meet with Astronomer data engineers and ask about Astro and Airflow features and best practices . Office hours are available weekly on a first-come, first-served basis. An office hour session is typically 30 minutes long. 
```

:::caution

> **Office hours are not a replacement for support!** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Office hours are not a replacement for support. [Submit a support request](astro-support.md) if you have any urgent issue, bug, or something that needs fixing. Astronomer data engineers will not be able to answer support requests during office hour sessions.

If you have questions about your Astronomer account or billing, email `success@astronomer.io` instead of attending office hours. If you need more extensive assistance, guidance, or regular long-term engagement, reach out to the [Professional Services](https://www.astronomer.io/professional-services/) team.
```

> 
> Please [submit a support request](astro-support.md) if you have any urgent issue, bug, or something that needs fixing. We will not be able to assist you with these topics during office hours sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

:::

> Before your office hours appointment, please browse the documentation, [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/), [Airflow Guides](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/), or discussion on the [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io) to see if there are existing guides or resources for what you would like to discuss. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before an office hour appointment, please browse the documentation, [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/), [Airflow Guides](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/), or discussion on the [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io) to see if there are existing guides or resources that cover what you'd like to discuss. 
```
Not sure what the purpose of this request is. Do we want them to cancel their meeting if they find what they're looking for, or is this just so they can share more context for the meeting?

Author: If they can answer their question without needing to book, they should :)

> You can also email [success@astronomer.io](mailto:success@astronomer.io) if you have general account related questions. However, if you need more extensive assistance, guidance, or regular long-term engagement - please talk to our [Professional Services](https://www.astronomer.io/professional-services/) team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 
> ## Example Topics
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Examples of possible Office Hour topics:
> - Ask questions about Airflow features
> - Discuss new Astro features or provide feedback
> - Get insight on integrating Airflow with new systems 
> - Do an Architecture Review or discuss scaling Airflow and Astro Deployments 
> - Conduct a Code Review for a DAG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During an office hours meeting, you can:

- Ask questions about Airflow features.
- Discuss new Astro features or provide feedback.
- Get insight on integrating Airflow with new systems.
- Do an architecture review or discuss scaling Airflow and Astro Deployments .
- Conduct a code review for a DAG.
```

> ## Book Office Hours
> Book office hours by clicking the **Help** menu in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io) or **Book office hours** at the end of the [docs navigation menu](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Book an office hours appointment 

To book office hours, click **Help** > **Book Office Hours** in the [Cloud UI](https://cloud.astronomer.io). Alternatively, you can click **Book office hours** in the left sidebar of this page.
```

> ![A screenshot showing the menu in cloud.astronomer.io which contains a Book Office Hours entry](/img/docs/office_hours.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A screenshot showing the menu in cloud.astronomer.io which contains a Book Office Hours entry](/img/docs/office_hours.png)

Before an office hour appointment, take a moment to browse the documentation, [Astronomer Academy](https://academy.astronomer.io/), [Airflow Guides](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/), or discussion on the [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io) to see if there are existing guides or resources that cover what you'd like to discuss. 
```
Alternative location for this info, seems to fit better here because it's what we suggest after you book the appointment.
